add 214-vision-PaddleCls (#465)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/214-vision-PaddleCls/README.md

# PaddlePaddle Image Classification with OpenVINO

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F214-vision-PaddleCls%2F214-vision-PaddleCls.ipynb)

> This demo shows how to run MobileNetV3 Large PaddePaddle model on OpenVINO natively. Instead of exporting the PaddlePaddle model to ONNX and then create the Intermediate Representation (IR) format through OpenVINO optimizer, we can now read direct from the Paddle Model without any conversions. It also covers the OpenVINO 2022.1 new feature guide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows how to run a MobileNetV3 Large PaddePaddle model using OpenVINO Runtime. Instead of exporting the PaddlePaddle model to ONNX and converting to Intermediate Representation (IR) format using Model Optimizer, we can now read the Paddle model directly without conversion. It also covers new features in OpenVINO 2022.1, including:
```

* Preprocessing API

> * Directly Loading a PaddlePaddle Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Directly Loading a PaddlePaddle Model
```
@OpenVINO-dev-contest can you provide a link to this in OpenVINO docs?

> * Auto-pluging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Auto-Device Plugin](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_AUTO.html)
```

> * AsyncInferQueue PythonAPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AsyncInferQueue Python API
```
@OpenVINO-dev-contest can you provide a link to this in documentation?

> * Performance Hint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Performance Hints](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/openvino_docs_OV_UG_Performance_Hints.html)
```
